RestaurantGuide/README.md, before:

RestaurantGuide (Xamarin.Forms + Razor)
=========

This sample is an updated version of [RestaurantGuide](https://github.com/conceptdev/RestaurantGuide/).
This version uses [Xamarin.Forms](http://xamarin.com/forms) and [Razor cshtml templates](http://blog.xamarin.com/sharper-html-hybrid-apps-with-razor/).

As with the old version, the text is obfuscated (since it's only a demo).

![screenshot](https://github.com/conceptdev/xamarin-forms-samples/raw/master/RestaurantGuide/Screenshots/ios_small.png "iOS")

![screenshot](https://github.com/conceptdev/xamarin-forms-samples/raw/master/RestaurantGuide/Screenshots/android_sml.png "Android")

![screenshot](Screenshots/winapp2-sml.png "Windows Store")

History
------

Jun-15 - Now supports Windows Store and Windows Phone 8.1

Updated to use Xamarin.Forms.

Mar-11 - Follow-up with [native Android](http://conceptdev.blogspot.com/2011/03/monodroid-meet-monotouch-windowsphone7.html).

Sep-10 - The original [blog post](http://conceptdev.blogspot.com/2010/09/monotouch-meet-windowsphone7.html) with iOS and Windows Phone 7.

Commit message:

[restguide] add iOS 9 CoreSpotlight search

RestaurantGuide/README.md, after:

RestaurantGuide (Xamarin.Forms + Razor)
=========

This sample is an updated version of [RestaurantGuide](https://github.com/conceptdev/RestaurantGuide/).
This version uses [Xamarin.Forms](http://xamarin.com/forms) and [Razor cshtml templates](http://blog.xamarin.com/sharper-html-hybrid-apps-with-razor/).


Updated for iOS 9
-----------------

Implemented basic Search SDK (`CoreSpotlight`), thanks to Larry O'Brien (all hacks are mine).

![](Screenshots/ios8-search-sml.png)

Basic Features
--------

As with the old version, the text is obfuscated (since it's only a demo).

![screenshot](https://github.com/conceptdev/xamarin-forms-samples/raw/master/RestaurantGuide/Screenshots/ios_small.png "iOS")

![screenshot](https://github.com/conceptdev/xamarin-forms-samples/raw/master/RestaurantGuide/Screenshots/android_sml.png "Android")

![screenshot](Screenshots/winapp2-sml.png "Windows Store")

History
------

Jun-15 - Now supports Windows Store and Windows Phone 8.1

Updated to use Xamarin.Forms.

Mar-11 - Follow-up with [native Android](http://conceptdev.blogspot.com/2011/03/monodroid-meet-monotouch-windowsphone7.html).

Sep-10 - The original [blog post](http://conceptdev.blogspot.com/2010/09/monotouch-meet-windowsphone7.html) with iOS and Windows Phone 7.
